track H31FASTI
bigDataUrl H31FASTI.bigWig
shortLabel H31FASTI
longLabel H31FASTI
type bigWig
visibility full
color 51,204,255
maxHeightPixels 173:12:55
viewLimits 0:50

track H31NCI
bigDataUrl H31NCI.bigWig
shortLabel H31NCI
longLabel H31NCI
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,77
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H31FASTHA
bigDataUrl H31FASTHA.bigWig
shortLabel H31FASTHA
longLabel H31FASTHA
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,77
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H31NCHA
bigDataUrl H31NCHA.bigWig
shortLabel H31NCHA
longLabel H31NCHA
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,77
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H2BFASTI
bigDataUrl H2BFASTI.bigWig
shortLabel H2BFASTI
longLabel H2BFASTI
type bigWig
visibility full
color 51,204,255
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H2BNCI
bigDataUrl H2BNCI.bigWig
shortLabel H2BNCI
longLabel H2BNCI
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,77
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H2BFASTHA
bigDataUrl H2BFASTHA.bigWig
shortLabel H2BFASTHA
longLabel H2BFASTHA
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,77
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H2BNCHA
bigDataUrl H2BNCHA.bigWig
shortLabel H2BNCHA
longLabel H2BNCHA
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,77
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H33FASTII
bigDataUrl H33FASTII.bigWig
shortLabel H33FASTII
longLabel H33FASTII
type bigWig
visibility full
color 255,170,0
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H33NCII
bigDataUrl H33NCII.bigWig
shortLabel H33NCII
longLabel H33NCII
type bigWig
visibility full
color 134,45,134
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H33IIHA
bigDataUrl H33IIHA.bigWig
shortLabel H33IIHA
longLabel H33IIHA
type bigWig
visibility full
color 134,45,134
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H33FASTIII
bigDataUrl H33FASTIII.bigWig
shortLabel H33FASTIII
longLabel H33FASTIII
type bigWig
visibility full
color 255,170,0
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H33IIIHA
bigDataUrl H33IIIHA.bigWig
shortLabel H33IIIHA
longLabel H33IIIHA
type bigWig
visibility full
color 134,45,134
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track k27ac
bigDataUrl k27ac.bigWig
shortLabel k27ac
longLabel k27ac
type bigWig
visibility full
color 134,45,134
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track k4me3
bigDataUrl k4me3.bigWig
shortLabel k4me3
longLabel k4me3
type bigWig
visibility full
color 134,45,134
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track k27me3
bigDataUrl k27me3.bigWig
shortLabel k27me3
longLabel k27me3
type bigWig
visibility full
color 0,0,102
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track k9me3
bigDataUrl k9me3.bigWig
shortLabel k9me3
longLabel k9me3
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,76
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track H33S31P
bigDataUrl H33S31P.bigWig
shortLabel H33S31P
longLabel H33S31P
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,76
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50

track Oct4
bigDataUrl Oct4.bigWig
shortLabel Oct4
longLabel Oct4
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,76
maxHeightPixels 158:163:181
viewLimits 0:50

track Sox2
bigDataUrl Sox2.bigWig
shortLabel Sox2
longLabel Sox2
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,76
maxHeightPixels 158:163:181
viewLimits 0:50

track p300
bigDataUrl p300.bigWig
shortLabel p300
longLabel p300
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,76
maxHeightPixels 158:163:181
viewLimits 0:50

track CTCF
bigDataUrl CTCF.bigWig
shortLabel CTCF
longLabel CTCF
type bigWig
visibility full
color 153,0,76
maxHeightPixels 145:23:7
viewLimits 0:50

track H11input
bigDataUrl H11input.bigWig
shortLabel H11input
longLabel H11input
type bigWig
visibility full
color 89,89,89
maxHeightPixels 8:50:128
viewLimits 0:50
